# UFOs
In this module I used a variety of technologies including javascript, bootstrap, css, d3 and html to build an interactive web page with a dynamic table for the end user. Initially I used html and bootstrap to set the basic scaffolding for the webpage and to add appropriate selectors that would be used by javascript/d3 for selecting text the user would input in a field. Most of the styling was handled by bootstrap with a few options for background color and image handled by css. When working with css and bootstrap its important to load them first in your html header since they are often dependencies for script items loaded in the html body.

Once the framework was built out I used javascript to load in the mock data (list of objects in a separate data.js file) and create a table. 
To give the user the option to search through the table I used d3 to grab the text in the text fields and then used that to filter the raw data in our mock dataset. To hold the filters that the user selects I used a blank filter object that gets populated by looping through an array of filter fields and adding in the values that aren't null. 

To improve functionality I made sure to set the object values to lowercase using the toLowerCase() method since all the data in the dataset is in lowercase. An additional way that the app could be improved would be to use a search indexer on the raw data like Solr or Elasticsearch. That way when the user inputs data to search on in the text fields, it would autocomplete so it would make it easier on the user to search for items. Plus they might have a better understanding of the format of the data fields, for example the state field uses the 2 letter abbreviation, they might accidentally enter in the full name but if it autocompletes after the first letter they would see only 2 letter abbreviations are required. 